Clarify data validation behavior during commits (#9024)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/modeling/application-logic/microflows-and-nanoflows/activities/object-activities/committing-objects.md

Default: **Yes**

{{% alert color="warning" %}}

> Validations, except unique validations, are not performed when committing without events. See [data validation](/refguide/setting-up-data-validation/) for more information.

Reviewer: I wonder if it is better to turn this around since we are talking about "With Events". Something like
```suggestion
Validations, except unique validations, are implemented as event handlers. Therefore they are not performed when **With events** is set to **No**. See [Setting Up Data Validation](/refguide/setting-up-data-validation/) for more information.
```

Author: The thing is, `implemented as event handlers` only applies for commit. runtime also performs validation when changing objects, e.g. with `change object` action (even without committing). These does not depend on events. If you think above change does not confuse these cases I think it is fine.

Reviewer: Rewritten: 1ef121cd53af339e47fe0ebe0a72309396ac2a5b
